Primary workflow -- P1
• Login using either google or facebook or phone# (like whatsapp). (BE)
• Middle column will be "the feed' from mentorlink (BE)
○ It will show the events around interests, suggestions on the courses, jobs etc.(BE)



Feed -- P1

○ Follow-up (take notes, register, save for a later use, ask question to the mentor)
○ Share it (with a specific connection or group)
• Upvote/downvote will be used by the backend to show-more or avoid such items
• Take notes, register (if event), save have their respective actions
• Ask a question – use the same column to chat with the mentor (AI mentor or mentor)
• Share – send via direct message (pops a new window with a search bar). User can choose among his/her
connections or broadcast list or groups


Chat – P1
With chat column, on the top there will be list of recently connected mentors. By default there will
always be mentorlink bot.
Chat will be the right most column. Will show history and have a text input window.
• Query the super mentor for to get more refined results
If a user has mentors, then he can query a specific mentor. In case the user is querying a human
mentor to ask a p2p question, it will show in the middle column. At the top would 1. name of the
mentor 2. his/her star rating. There will be a search bar at the top.
One could sign-up with a human mentor to get mentorship on an ongoing basis. Lower


Connections -- P2
Clicking on the connection will change the middle column (main) and it will now show 3 subsections,
each individually scrollable: connections, groups, broadcast lists. There will be a search bar at the top.
Next to search bar, there will be pull down menu to add a connection/group/bcast-list.
One could click on each of these items (i.e. connection, group, ..) and get a pop-up window to get
short info about that item. Pop will have 3 or 4 small actions e.g. get more info (which will give you
summary, interests, profile in another window), send a message, delete..
Groups, Broadcast list are lower priorities.
